In this project you will use selection lists to store long lists of hyper text links that might overwhelm a page if displayed within a navigation list. The name of a linked page is displayed as a text of a selection list option while the URL is stored as that option’s value. By selecting an intel from one of the selection list options, the browser will open the web page with that selected URL is stored as that option’s value. By selecting an item from one of the selection list options, the browser will open the web page with that selected URL. To script this action, you will use the event object. One of the properties associated with the event object as follows [ evt.target ] where evt is the variable name assigned to event object and target is the object that received the event. In this project the target is the option selected by the user from one of the selection lists. The event will be the change event. A preview of the page is shown in figure 6-39. 
1. Use your code editor to open the project06-02_txt.html and project06-02_txt.js files from the js06project02 folder. Enter your name and the date in the comment section of each file and save them as project06-02.html and project06-02.js .
2. Go to the project06-02.html file in your code editor and link the page to the project06-02.js file deferring loading options value. Save your changes to the file. 
3. Go to the project06-02.js file in your code editor. Add an event listener that runs an anonymous function when the page loads.
4. Within the anonymous function, add a statement that uses the querySelectorAll() method to create a node list of all elements matching the CSS selector form#govLinks select. Store the node list in the allSelect variable. 
5. Also, within the anonymous function: Insert a for loop that iterates through all of the contents of the allSelect mode list. At each iteration all of the allSelect mode list do the following 
      - Apply the onChange event handler to allSelect(i) to run an anonymous function when the selection list option is changed. Add parameter evt to the anonymous function. 
      - Within the nested anonymous function retrieve the value property of evt.target and store it in the linkURL variable.
      - Within the nested anonymous function: use the window.open() method to open a new browser window with linkURL as the url of the window. You do not have to set a name for the window or any window options. Store the window under the newWin variable. 
6. Save your changes to the file and then open project06-02.html in your web browser.
7. Verify that by selecting an entry from one of three selection lists, the web page for that entry opens a new browser tab or window. 

